Add feature switch for disabling startup hooks (#44050)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/trimming/feature-switches.md

| InvariantGlobalization | System.Globalization.Invariant | All globalization specific code and data is trimmed when set to true |
| UseSystemResourceKeys | System.Resources.UseSystemResourceKeys |  Any localizable resources for system assemblies is trimmed when set to true |
| HttpActivityPropagationSupport | System.Net.Http.EnableActivityPropagation | Any dependency related to diagnostics support for System.Net.Http is trimmed when set to false |

> | StartupHookSupport | System.StartupHookProvider.IsSupported | Any StartupHook related logic is trimmed when set to false |

Reviewer: `StartupHookSupport ` => I assume you plan on adding this property to the SDK as well?

https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/blob/f48d1dd517cda52bfc7345fb2d16477476a33377/src/Tasks/Microsoft.NET.Build.Tasks/targets/Microsoft.NET.Sdk.targets#L340-L416

Author: Yes. I opened this issue already: https://github.com/dotnet/sdk/issues/14385 I'll put a PR when this one is merged.

> | StartupHookSupport | System.StartupHookProvider.IsSupported | Any StartupHook related logic is trimmed when set to false |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| StartupHookSupport | System.StartupHookProvider.IsSupported | Startup hooks are disabled when set to false. Startup hook related functionality can be trimmed. |
```
